Web RTC
==
------

Introduction
=
Before starting with web RTC, you have to add differents permissions in your manifest file.

	<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.CAMERA"/>
    <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO"/>
    <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.MEDIA_CONTENT_CONTROL" />

You also have to add theses lines of code at the starting of your application to manage permissions programmatically. Indeed, since android 5, you can modify permissions directly in applications menu. So, permissions can be not authorized.

###Example with RECORD_AUDIO permission:

	if (ContextCompat.checkSelfPermission(getActivity(),
                Manifest.permission.RECORD_AUDIO) != PackageManager.PERMISSION_GRANTED) {

            ActivityCompat.requestPermissions(getActivity(),
                    new String[]{Manifest.permission.RECORD_AUDIO},
                    REQUEST_MICROPHONE);

        }
	
where REQUEST_MICROPHONE is a int defined by the developer.

A dialog window will open and the user of the application can be choose if he wants to authorize permissions.

After, you should put theses lines of code. Theses lines allows to you to know the choice of the user. 

	@Override
    public void onRequestPermissionsResult(int requestCode,
                                           @NonNull String permissions[], @NonNull int[] grantResults) {

        switch (requestCode) {
            case REQUEST_MICROPHONE: {
                // If request is cancelled, the result arrays are empty.
                if (grantResults.length > 0) {// for example, open your call activity...


                } else {
                    // permission denied, boo! Disable the
                    //functionality that depends on this permission 
					//or exit application if it is mandatory to have theses permissions.

                }
                break;
            }
        }
    }


All apis are declared in **RainbowSdk.instance().webrtc**

Audio calls.
=
To make audio calls, you should use the method **makeCall**. This method has 2 arguments. You have to give your contact object and a boolean with a value which is false (for audio calls).

To terminate the call, you should use the method **hangupCall**.

Video Calls.
=
To make a call using video, you should use  the same method used by audio calls (**makeCall**) but the boolean should be equal to true.

To listen if a video is added to the call, you should use the listener **setStreamAddedListener**. Here is this definition :

	@Override
	public void onStreamAdded(final MediaStream stream) {
	    Log.getLogger().verbose(LOG_TAG, "stream addded");
	    // manage the display of the video.
	}
	
	@Override
	public void onStreamRemoved(final MediaStream stream) {
	    Log.getLogger().verbose(LOG_TAG, "stream removed");
	    // terminate the display of the video
	}
	
	@Override
	public void onQualityChanged(Statistics.Quality quality) {
	
	}
	
	@Override
	public void onAudioConnectionChange(boolean connected) {
	    Log.getLogger().verbose(LOG_TAG, "isAudioConnected : " + connected);
	}


Incoming call.
=
To listen incoming calls, you should register to **ITelephonyListener** listenr. This listener implements 3 methods which are onCallAdded, onCallModified and onCallRemoved. To listen it, you should use the method **registerTelephonyListener** in web rtc module. to unregister for this event, you should call the method **unregisterTelephonyListener**.
Here is the result of ITelephonyListener:
	
	@Override
    public void onCallAdded(WebRTCCall call) {
        Log.getLogger().verbose(LOG_TAG, "call addded");
    }

    @Override
    public void onCallModified(WebRTCCall call) {
        Log.getLogger().verbose(LOG_TAG, "call modified");
    }

    @Override
    public void onCallRemoved(WebRTCCall call) {
        Log.getLogger().verbose(LOG_TAG, "call removed");
    }

To answer at a call, it is simply. When the onCallAdded is triggered, you should use the **takeCall** method. The only argument is a boolean wich allows to know if you want to answer with video or not.

If you want to reject the incoming call, you should use the method **rejectCall**. This action runs when a call is in ringing state.


Others methods which can be useful in function of the objective of your applications
=
If you want to switch your phone camera, you should use the method **switchCamera**.

If you want to have the currentCall object, you should use the method **getCurrentCall**.

If you want to add video during a call, you should use the method **addVideo**.

If you want to drop video during a call, you hould use the method **dropVideo**.

